Yuxiao Lou is where the world's most capable
and extraordinary people gather.
Assistant Director of the Ministry of Revenue, Li Niangu,
obtained a formula here to boost his official career.
It is called the Human Pillar Sacrifice.
But heaven did not grant his wish.
Not only did his career fail to advance,
but ever since then,
he has been plagued by strange occurrences,
finding not a moment of peace.
Stop.
Stop, stop the sedan chair.
My Lord?
What is the matter?
Sorcerer.
Listen.
There is a child crying in the night.
Encountering a ghost child at night...
Does the Human Pillar Sacrifice involve children?
A living child is sealed in wax within a coffin
and buried underground.
Officials pray for a meteoric rise,
scholars pray for success in exams,
and merchants pray for abundant wealth.
What a cruel and absurd superstition this is.
At the third watch, the ominous wind rises.
Wax-sealed bones, a soul breaking through the earth.
Having done such a wicked deed,
he can only wait for the ghosts to come knocking.
Give me the ball.
My Lord! My Lord!
He... he... he's here again!
Who is it?
Why are you in such a panic?
It's me.
Don't you want to see me?
Interesting.
Have a sip.
Do you have any sympathy at all?
Of course I have sympathy.
But the person I sympathize with is you.
You just took the seat of Vice Minister of the Dali Temple.
If you don't solve a major case quickly,
won't you soon be stripped of this uniform?
A major case?
Of course it's a major case.
And I suspect,
you, Chang'an's premier expert,
have already discovered something, haven't you?
That is exactly what puzzles me.
This child was a stillborn fetus,
delivered over a month ago.
To dig up a stillborn fetus,
sever its head,
smear it with dog's blood,
and while people prayed for children during the festival,
to hang it inside the crowded Anye Temple...
By exposing this stillborn's head
to the gaze of the public in such a way,
and creating such a bizarre and eerie spectacle,
this person's motive
is certainly not just to scare people for amusement.
Then what is it for?
To treat a deceased infant with such cruelty...
this person's scheme has surely only just begun.
So, what comes next?
What other
heinous acts will he commit?
Husband
You're finally back
You...
Who are you leading?
No one
A ghost!
Madam
It's me. It's me. It's me!
Stay away!
It's me, your husband
Husband
The child who disappeared six months ago
He's back
Husband
Stop talking nonsense
We'll invite a Sorcerer tomorrow
to perform a Ritual, and it will be fine
Let's rest early
An infant
A stillborn
Who exactly is it?
What is his motive?
The first twenty-four hours after a crime are the best time to solve it
And you still have the mood to soak in a bath here?
Shentu Baiqi
Can't you see I'm taking a bath?
We've traced the source of the stillborn
It's from the concubine of Li Niangu, Assistant Director of the Ministry of Revenue
Her name is Hong Xiu
Put this on
This is the Dali Temple
Who let you in?
Get out
Last night, Miss Mu and I investigated all night
We questioned every midwife in all of Chang'an City
Over a month ago, only Hong Xiu gave birth to a stillborn
Mu Guiyi is one of my Dali Temple people
How can you use her without permission?
The Great Tang's First Uncanny Detective, Master Shentu
He's my idol
Shentu Baiqi
Investigating cases is the Dali Temple's business
If you act on your own again
I'll have you arrested
There is no court assembly today
Go to the Li Residence
Shentu
I'm talking to you, did you hear me?
I heard you
If you heard, why do you still...
So what if I heard?
You...
Do experts not need to sleep?
Acting Vice-Minister
This is where my unborn child...
Jin'er, is buried
Lord Li
Pardon me
Dig
No need to dig
Why?
This soil has been turned over
But it doesn't matter
As long as he has been here
there will definitely be clues
He arrived here three days ago
How does the Master know?
Three days ago
it rained in Chang'an City
Height, five chi and seven cun
Regarding his burial here...
who knew about it?
Only a few people...
in the residence knew
Five chi, seven cun
Could it be...
it's him?
Was it really not you?
Of course it wasn't me
That was our Jin'er
I thought you hid it from me...
and had someone dig up Jin'er's grave...
to scare Madam Zhang to death...
and seize the position of the Assistant Director's wife
As for me,
I'm interested in Li Niangu's money.
As for the man himself,
I have no interest at all.
That is good.
In the coming days,
Li Niangu will hold a ritual.
I'll find a way to drain him dry.
The Dali Temple is already watching the Li Manor.
If we don't leave soon,
trouble will arise.
Could it be that six months ago,
you used a boy for Li Niangu's Human Pillar Sacrifice,
harbored evil thoughts,
and invited retribution,
causing our Jin'er to be stillborn?
Don't talk nonsense.
What matters now is Li Niangu's money.
As for a child,
we can always have another one.
Let's make one right now.
You're so bad.